With one login per subdomain (#158)
supertokens/supertokens-auth-react: examples/with-one-login-per-subdomain/README.md

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Setup
- Run the command `npm i -d` in the `with-one-login-per-subdomain` directory.
- Add the following to your hosts configs `/etc/hosts` to allow for multi tenancy locally
```
127.0.0.1   a.example.com
127.0.0.1   b.example.com
```

> > **_NOTE:_**  For the demo, the subdomain for each user is recived from the users email, ex. for `user@a.com`, `a` would be the subdomain. A valid email address is required for password reset and email verification, to use these features in the demo you would need to add that email provider as a subdomain in `/etc/hosts` and add it to the cors domain whitelist on the server.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  For the demo, the subdomain is extracted from user's email provider, ex. for `user@a.com`, `a` would be the subdomain. A valid email address is required for password reset and email verification, to use these features in the demo you would need to add that email provider as a subdomain in `/etc/hosts` and add it to the cors domain whitelist on the server.  
```
